

                                                        


                                                             Tux Story Life 
                                              


              In a beautiful and sunny day, the penguins go out for a good swim and a good fishing... “oh no, he comes again”, 
said one of them seeing a blue penguin slipping towards them, “hi guys, ugly day don’t you think so?, 
you have only that, fishing, eating and sleeping, your species should be in extinction ”replied tux sarcastically, 
“Tux, it's your species that is in extinction ”.

“So still no boat on the horizon?” asked tux, “you still intend to leave with these beings with weird hands” laughed one of the   
  penguin, “exact, I wouldn't miss the opportunity to be among them, you will see.  “You're going to put yourself in a cage tux”,
“shuuut,let him go, we’ll get rid of him”.

Tux came every morning to check if there is no boat to travel there, illegally, and the day came, he dived in the sea and 
he hurried to sneak into the boat and he succeeded, by far he made a sign to everyone then hid inside a barrel, 
the penguins watched the boat move away, “I will miss his stupidity” said one of them, “are you serious?”, 
“ Naah ”and they left with a sneer.

After a few days of navigation, the boat finally stopped, tux ran towards the exit, the big city, of silicone valley was
waiting for him,he walked the alleys of the city, without worrying about the glances of the others, until when he noticed 
that some person dressed in a midnight blue outfit was running towards him, he guessed the meaning of that, and he fled as
quickly as possible, in his way, he saw the announcement of a competition for the creation of a logo for a certain linus
trovaldo with a prize for the winner, after having escaped the police, he went directly to the address of the contest, 
entering, no one was at the cashier, tux, turned towards the 1st open door, linus trovaldo being there alone in the room,
“I want to participate in the competition” said tux, linus was not only surprised by the presence of tux but “YOU TALK”,
“ah humans, you should be a little more open-minded, ”tux replied.

Silence settled for a while, “the COMPETITION ” insisted TUX, “why would a penguin want to participate to a competition?” 
“I'm a BLUE penguin, I rented an apartment and I have no money to pay it."
“Interesting, how about working as a model for me?” asked linus, “you mean like those girls you see in those magazines?” 
asked tux, “linus: uhh ...ye.. yeah, somehow”, “tux: i'm in, where do i sign?”,
Linus: PERFECT, btw, don't talk, that'll be our little secret.

and this how tux, becomes mascot for linux.

….

